# resq-website
Website about my last project "Resq - intelligent educational toy"

In times of rapid technological, technical and IT development, more and more people, mainly children, use mobile phones, smartphones, etc. However, these devices used in a bad way do not develop (mainly in young people) intelligence, imagination, the ability to assess a specific position . “Resq” is an intelligent device adapted to work with a human. It is mainly used for education and playing with children, through a touch screen displaying a multimedia user interface that is pleasant for the child, allows them to learn about the world around them, teaches them issues such as the Polish language or mathematics on many levels of differentiation and difficulty. The child is able to adapt educational requirements to himself and develop thanks to educational studies and tasks adapted to a specific level of difficulty. The tasks are adapted for the very youngest users (e.g. learning to write letters, learning to speak, learning numbers, etc.) as well as for older users (e.g. learning to add numbers with varying degrees of difficulty).
In addition to the educational "Resq" functionality, thanks to the possibility of non-verbal communication with the user and speech recognition, it can conduct an advanced dialogue with the user and execute his commands. This is based, among others, on searching for phrases on the Internet and responding to queries in the database, providing the date, day, time, information downloaded from the user's educational and medical databases, etc. Thanks to the development of the "ResqRecognize" algorithm and two built-in cameras, the device is also adapted to non-speaking users who can only communicate verbally. “Resq” also has the basic ability to control the health of the user. Blood pressure and body temperature measurement. In addition, he creates his own "patient card", in which all measurements and results of vision tests are collected. Resq also includes the option to remember and remind the user to consume certain vitamins, perform hygiene activities and daily routine.
